meta: 6.18.0 CHANGELOG (#4629)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: MIGRATION.md

# Upgrading from 6.17.x to 6.18.0

> This patch deprecates the `frameContextLines` option for the Node SDK. This option will be removed in an upcoming major version. To migrate off the option, pass in the option to the new `ContextLines` integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 6.18.0 deprecates the `frameContextLines` top-level option for the Node SDK. This option will be removed in an upcoming major version. To migrate off of the top-level option, pass it instead to the new `ContextLines` integration.
```
